# Survey on Performance Management (2024)

In 2024, we conducted a survey among software professionals to investigate current performance management techniques, trust, and costs. This directory contains the following supplementary materials to the survey.

* [Analysis Code](./code/README.md): The source code with which we analyzed the results. This includes instructions to partly repeat the analysis and report generation.
* Data:
    * [Complete Questionnaire](./data/questionnaire.md): We provide the complete questionnaire in different formats including XML (exported from LimeSurvey), JSON (parsed from the XML file), and Markdown (generated from the JSON). All formats include our internal codes for the questions and predefined responses. A question code *X0Y* consists of an abbreviation of a section (*X*) in which the question is located, a unique number (*0*) for the question within the section, and a unique identifier (*Y*) for the question which also describes the question. The actual response code *X0YZ* starts with the question code *X0Y*, followed by a unique identifier *Z* for the response (usually contains a unique number for the response within the question). For simplicity, we shorten response codes to *X0a* in visualizations. This short form *X0a* starts with parts of the question code *X0Y* and ends with a lower-case letter based on the response's unique identifier *Z*.
    * [Anonymized Responses](./data/responses-anonymized.json): We include all given responses in a JSON file (exported from LimeSurvey). They are anonymized to ensure the privacy of the participants. Specifically, we excluded the responses on the questions D1, D2, D3, D5, and D6.
    * Analysis Results: In two JSON files ([one for all responses](./data/results-final/results-unfiltered.json), [one for completed participations only](./data/results-final/results-complete-only.json)), we store the analysis results of the survey. For every single choice, multiple choice, and matrix question, we report the absolute and relative frequency of the predefined responses. Furthermore, we calculated quantiles (0 %, 25 %, 50 %, 75 %, and 100 %) for every Matrix question. Beside the raw analysis results, we generate reports visualizing the results.
    * [Results for Comparing All and Completed Responses](./data/results-final/results-single.md): This report shows the frequencies for single questions including all and completed only responses. This allows comparing their trends.
    * [Results for Single Questions (all)](./data/results-final/results-single-all.md): This report visualizes all single results for single questions by considering all responses.
    * [Results for Single Questions (complete)](./data/results-final/results-single-complete.md): This report visualizes all single results for single questions by considering completed participations only.
    * [Results for Combined Results (all)](./data/results-final/results-combined-all.md): Beside the previous results, this report displays the combined results of certain questions (e.g., for all statements of a Matrix question). The combined results are based on all responses.
    * [Results for Combined Results (complete)](./data/results-final/results-combined-complete.md): This report displays the combined results of certain questions for completed participations only.
    * [Results for Related Results (all)](./data/results-final/results-related-all.md): At last, we put the responses to specific questions into relation to look at them. This report shows the results for all responses.
    * [Results for Related Results (complete)](./data/results-final/results-related-complete.md): This report shows the results of related responses for completed participations only.
    * [Complete Results Report](./data/results-final/results.html): This final report contains the complete questionnaire and all previously described reports in one file.
